README.md, before:

## Overview

This is my Fedora, GNOME, Doom Emacs, tmux, and Zsh setup, tailored toward mnemonic vim-like keybindings, tools with smart defaults that Just Work&trade;, and an integrated desktop and development experience.

Here are some references for getting around the system:

- **[GNOME configuration](roles/gnome/files/keybindings.conf) -** Vim-like desktop keybindings
- **[Doom Emacs documentation](https://docs.doomemacs.org/latest/) -** IDE experience
- **[Tmux config](dot_tmux.conf) -** Keybindings for terminal multiplexing
- **[Shell aliases](dot_bash_aliases) -** Terminal aliases for zsh and bash

## Installation

You may prefer to test out this setup in a virtual machine (on [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) or friends) before committing to an install on your host machine.

### Set up the base system

1. Download [the latest Fedora Workstation ISO](https://getfedora.org/en/workstation/download/).
2. Create bootable media for your machine or attach as bootable storage to a fresh VM.
3. Boot into the image and complete the graphical installer.

### Bootstrap this configuration

The following command will configure the base software on Fedora and copy dotfiles from this repo for your user. Make sure you have an SSH key for this machine configured on GitHub (bootstrap will clone this repo over SSH).

```shell
bash <(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alanchrt/dotfiles/master/bootstrap.sh)
```

### Configure credentials

There are a few local settings and credentials that might be worth setting up right off the bat if needed.

##### Bitwarden

```
$ rbw config set email <your email>
$ rbw register
$ rbw login
```

##### Git user

```
$ git config --global user.name "<your name>"
$ git config --global user.email "<your email>"
```

##### Gist

```
$ gist --login
```

##### YubiKey

```
$ secret-tool store --label 'YubiKey' ykman oath
```

##### Wolfram Alpha

```
$ echo "<app id>" > ~/.waid
```

Commit message:

Template user or machine-specific data

README.md, after:

## Overview

This is my Fedora, GNOME, Doom Emacs, tmux, and Zsh setup, tailored toward mnemonic vim-like keybindings, tools with smart defaults that Just Work&trade;, and an integrated desktop and development experience.

Here are some references for getting around the system:

- **[GNOME configuration](roles/gnome/files/keybindings.conf) -** Vim-like desktop keybindings
- **[Doom Emacs documentation](https://docs.doomemacs.org/latest/) -** IDE experience
- **[Tmux config](dot_tmux.conf) -** Keybindings for terminal multiplexing
- **[Shell aliases](dot_bash_aliases) -** Terminal aliases for zsh and bash

## Installation

You may prefer to test out this setup in a virtual machine (on [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) or friends) before committing to an install on your host machine.

### Set up the base system

1. Download [the latest Fedora Workstation ISO](https://getfedora.org/en/workstation/download/).
2. Create bootable media for your machine or attach as bootable storage to a fresh VM.
3. Boot into the image and complete the graphical installer.

### Bootstrap this configuration

The following command will configure the base software on Fedora and copy dotfiles from this repo for your user. Make sure you have an SSH key for this machine configured on GitHub (bootstrap will clone this repo over SSH).

```shell
bash <(curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alanchrt/dotfiles/master/bootstrap.sh)
```

### Configure user-specific settings

Chezmoi templates in some items. Add a `.chezmoidata.toml` file to the root of this repo:

```toml
name = "John Doe"
email = "john@company.com"
```

### Configure credentials

There are a few local settings and credentials that might be worth setting up right off the bat if needed.

##### Bitwarden

```
$ rbw config set email <your email>
$ rbw register
$ rbw login
```

##### Git user

```
$ git config --global user.name "<your name>"
$ git config --global user.email "<your email>"
```

##### Gist

```
$ gist --login
```

##### YubiKey

```
$ secret-tool store --label 'YubiKey' ykman oath
```

##### Wolfram Alpha

```
$ echo "<app id>" > ~/.waid
```
